Recipes
“Lemon Dome”

1 box  yellow cake mix3 large eggs1/3 cup  vegetable oilgrated zest of 1 lemon1 1/3 cups frozen lemonade concentrate, thawedconfectioners’ sugar

Preheat oven to 325ºF. Grease and flour a 2-quart ovenproof metal mixing bowl.In another medium bowl, combine the cake mix, eggs, oil, and lemon zest, along with the amount of water called for by the package directions. Beat until well combined. Pour the batter into the prepared bowl.Place in oven and bake for about 50 minutes. Let cool for 20 minutes before unmolding onto a rack.Wash and dry the bowl you baked the cake in. Line it with plastic wrap and place the cake back in the bowl (support the bottom so the dome doesn’t break). Using a skewer, liberally pierce the cake, poking through to the bowl.Pour the lemonade concentrate over the top. Let the liquid soak in for 15 minutes before unmolding the cake upside-down onto a platter.Just before serving, dust lightly with the confectioners’ sugar.

———————————

“Lemon Angel Dessert”

½ cup sugar1 envelope unflavored gelatindash salt2 beaten eggs6 oz can frozen lemonade (thawed)14-ounce (ice cold) evaporated milkyellow food coloringServes 8


Mix sugar, gelatin, and a dash of salt, then add 2 beaten eggs and ½ cup water. Cook and stir until gelatin dissolves and mixture thickens slightly.Remove from heat; stir in thawed 6oz. frozen lemonade, and add a few drops of yellow food coloring. Chill until partially set. Then chill one 14 ½-oz can of ice cold evaporated milk; whip in a chilled bowl. Fold into gelatin mixture.Rub brown crumbs from 10 in. angel cake. Tear cake into bite-size pieces. Cover bottom of 10 in. tube pan with thin layer of gelatin mixture.Arrange 1/3 of cake on top and pour 1/3 of remaining gelatin over the cake. Repeat twice.Chill firm, unmold, and serve.——————————

Lemon Angel Torte

4 egg whitessalt¼ cream of tartar1 ¼ cup sugarbutter4 egg yolks1 tbsp grated lemon peel3 tbsp lemon juice1 cup whipping creamServes 8

Preheat oven to 450°F.Beat 4 egg whites with electric mixer until foamy. Add ¼ tsp of salt and cream of tartar and gradually beat in ¾ cup sugar, beating to very stiff peaks.Spread in well-buttered 9 in. pie plate and place in oven. Let stand in closed oven for 5 hours or overnight (don’t peek).FillingIn top of double boiler, beat 4 egg yolks until thick and yellow-colored. Gradually beat in 1 tbsp of grated lemon peel, 3 tbsp lemon juice, ½ cup sugar, and dash salt. Stir over boiling water until thick (8 minutes). Cover; cool.Whip 1 cup of whipping cream. Spread half of the cream in shell. Spoon in filling; cover filling and entire shell with rest of cream. Chill 5 hours overnight.————————

Lemon Cheesecake


crumb crust1 cup sugar¾ tsp ground cinnamon¼ tsp ground nutmeg¼ cup butter2 envelopes unflavored gelatin ¼ tsp salt1 6-oz. can (2/3) cup evaporated milk2 beaten egg yolks1 tsp grated lemon peel2 12-oz. cartons (3 cups)cream-style cottagecheese, sieved2 tbsp lemon juice1 tsp vanilla2 egg whites1 cup whipping cream, whipped

Serves 8


Crumb Crust:Save ¼ cup for garnish; press remainder on bottom and sides of buttered 9 in. pan and chill.baking:In a saucepan, combine ¾ cup sugar, gelatin, and salt. Then, add evaporated milk and egg yolks. Cook and stir until gelatin dissolves.Add lemon peel. Cool at room temperature for 30 minutes and stir in cottage cheese, lemon juice, and vanilla. Chill, stirring occasionally until mixture mounds.Beat egg whites to soft peaks; gradually add ¼ cup sugar, beating to stiff peaks. Then, fold into gelatin mixture and whipped cream. Pour into chilled crust and sprinkle with crumbs. Chill overnight. 

——————


Lemon Tea Cake

1 ½ tsp vinegar½ cup milk½ cup butter or margarine¾ cup granulated sugar1 egg1tsp shredded lemon peel1 ¾ sifted all-purpose flour1 tsp baking powder¼ tsp baking soda¼ tsp salt¼ cup lemon juicemakes 48 cookiesLemon Glaze:Combine ¾ cup granulated sugar and ¼ cup lemon juice.Cake:Pre-heat oven at 350°F.Stir vinegar into milk and cream butter and sugar until fluffy.Beat in egg and lemon peel.Sift dry ingredients; add to creamed mixture alternately with milk; beat after each addition.Drop tsp 2 in. apart on ungreased cookie sheet and bake for 12 to 14 minutes. Remove, and brush with lemon glaze.


—————————

Lemon Tea Muffins

1 cup sifted all-purpose flour1 tsp baking powder¼ teaspoon salt½ cup butter or margarine½ cup sugar2 eggs, separated3 tbsp lemon juice1 tsp grated lemon peel2 tbsp sugar¼ tsp ground cinnamonmakes about 18 muffins


Preheat oven at 375°F. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Cream butter and ½ cup sugar till light and fluffy. Then, beat egg yolks until thick and lemon-colored; blend well with creamed mixture. Add flour mixture alternately with lemon juice. (Do not over mix). Beat egg whites till stiff peaks form. Then, carefully fold whites and lemon peel into batter.Fill small greased 2-in. muffin pans 2/3 full. Combine 2 tbsp of sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle about ½ tsp over each muffin. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. ————————————

Lemon Sherbet

¾ cup sugardash salt1 cup water½ cup light cream½ cup lemon juice2 egg whites ¼ cup sugarServes 6Combine sugar, salt, and water; bring to boiling; simmer for 5 minutes. Cool. Add light cream, then ½ cup lemon juice. Pour into refrigerator tray; freeze until firm.Beat 2 egg whites to soft peaks; gradually add ¼ cup sugar, beating to stiff peaks. Break frozen mixture into chunks with a wooden spoon; turn into chilled bowl. Beat with electric or rotary beater until smooth. Fold in egg whites. Return quickly to cold tray; freeze firm. 

———————

Lemon Yogurt Cake

2 ½ cups flour1 tsp baking soda1 tsp baking powder½ tsp salt1 cup butter 1 ½ cups white sugar 4 eggs ½ cup lemon juice 2 tbsp lemon zest1 cup plain yogurtPreheat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour a large loaf pan.Whisk lightly together flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a bowl and set aside.Beat butter until fluffy in another large bowl, using an electric beater if possible, then beat in sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, then add lemon juice and zest. Then, beat in yogurt. Mixture may curdle, but it will come together when dry ingredients are added.Add dry ingredients and mix gently just until blended and spoon into pan and place in oven.Bake for 40-50 minutes. The cake will be golden brown on the outside and spring back when you lightly press the middle with your fingers.

——————————

Lemon Rice Pudding

1 lemon1/4 cup rice, jasmine 1 pint half and half 1 ½ tbsp sugar 1 tbsp rum

Preheat the oven to 250°F. Peel the lemon with a vegetable peeler and cut the peel into fine strips.Mix the peel, rice, sugar, half and half and rum in a small ovenproof dish.Put the dish in the oven and cook uncovered for about 2 ½ hours, stirring every 45 minutes or so.When this comes out the rice will have almost dissolved, becoming more like tapioca than anything else. It will thicken quite a lot as it cools.Chill, if you like your rice pudding cold.

______________

Lemon Shortbread Bars

3 cups all-purpose flour1/3 cup cornstarch1 ¼ cup finely shredded lemon peel (5 to 6 lemons)½ cup butter, softened1 tbsp lemon juice½ tsp salt ½ tsp vanilla Lemon glaze2 ½ cups powdered sugar2 tsp finely shredded lemon peel3 tbsp lemon juice1 tbsp corn syrup ½ tsp vanilla


Preheat oven at 300°F. Then, Line a 13x19-in. pan with foil, extending foil over edges of the pan. Lightly grease foil and set aside. In a bowl, combine flour and cornstarch; set aside. In another bowl combine powdered sugar and lemon peel. Pressing against side of bowl with a wooden spoon, work lemon peel into powdered sugar until sugar is yellow and fragrant; set aside.In a large bowl beat butter, lemon juice, salt, and vanilla with an electric mixer on medium speed until combined. Gradually beat in powdered sugar mixture and stir in flour mixture.Press dough evenly into the prepared pan. Bake about 40 minutes or until edges are brown. Remove from oven, and immediately spoon glaze over top. Cool completely. Cut into bars.Lemon GlazeWhisk together powdered sugar, lemon peel, lemon juice, corn syrup, and vanilla.